<h1 align="center" style="color:#ff0000">Random Question</h1>
<h2 align="center">If you add up two randomly generated numbers, is the result more random than if you just generated a single random number?</h2>
<p></p>

<h3 align="center">Introduction</h3>
<p align="justify">Random numbers can be generated by a computer, but these are pseudorandom, this because of the hardware components, which does not allow them to be pure random numbers, and what matters to us is to have a more random number possible, because when more random is the most unpredictable number it is. but try to think about it, if we add random numbers, will the result be more random? this is the meaning of this repo, to resolve this issue. The code upstairs already has the answer, but here is a brief explanation of the answer.
</p>

<h3 align="center">Solution to the problem</h3>
<p align="justify">To solve this problem, I created a program using the Pygame library (whit Python). Basically, what I did was just a window where there is a graphics that will be drawn by the random values generated. When one of the values is generated, an item is added to the rectangle related to the value, and the more, this value is generated, more items are added to the rectangle and increasing its height.</p>

<h4 align="center">Generating a value from the sum of two random</h4>
<p align="justify"></p>
<h4 align="center">Generating a value from the sum of eight random</h4>
<p align="justify"></p>
<h4 align="center">Generating a value from the sum of thirty-two random</h4>
<p align="justify"></p>

<h4 align="center">Conclusion</h4>
<p align="justify"></p>

